feat(curriculum): add workshop python functions (#68279)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-kitchen-inventory-tracker/6a3e6ad6b9554e31dcc30cd6.md

---
id: 6a3e6ad6b9554e31dcc30cd6
title: Step 8
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-8
---

# --description--

> If you don't have enough eggs, You shouldn't try to cook! You need a way to stop the function from running any further. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have enough eggs, you shouldn't try to cook! You need a way to stop the function from running any further.
```

> You can use the `return` keyword to do this. When a function reaches a `return` statement, it immediately stops executing and gives control (and the returned value) back to the place where the function was called.

Reviewer 2: We can have an example on how to use `return`.

---
id: 6a3e6ad6b9554e31dcc30cd6
title: Step 8
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-8
---

# --description--

If you don't have enough eggs, you shouldn't try to cook! You need a way to stop the function from running any further.

> You can use the `return` keyword to do this. When a function reaches a `return` statement, it immediately stops executing and gives control (and the returned value) back to the place where the function was called.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the `return` keyword for this. When a function hits a `return` statement, it stops executing immediately and passes the returned value back to where it was called.
```

For example:

```py
def my_function():
    message = "Hello from the kitchen!"
    return message
    print("This line will never run.")

> print(my_function()) # Output: Hello from the kitchen!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
def cook_dish():
    message = "The dish is ready to serve!"
    return message
    print("This line will never run.")

print(cook_dish())  # Output: The dish is ready to serve!
```

> my_function() # Output: Hello from the kitchen!    

Reviewer 2: Step is instructing to return a variable, example should include that.
